Here are some of my favorite quotes to get you in the learning state of mind.

“Leadership and learning are indispensable to each other. – John F. Kennedy
“That is what learning is. You suddenly understand something you’ve understood all your life, but in a new way.” – Doris Lessing
 “The beautiful thing about learning is that nobody can take it away from you.” – B.B. King
“I am always ready to learn although I do not always like being taught.” – Winston Churchill
“Live as if you were to die tomorrow. Learn as if you were to live forever.” – Mahatma Gandhi
“The more that you read, the more things you will know. The more that you learn, the more places you’ll go.” – Dr.  Seus
 “Tell me and I forget, teach me and I may remember, involve me and I learn.” – Benjamin Franklin
 “Wisdom is not a product of schooling but of the lifelong attempt to acquire it.” – Albert Einstein
“Change is the end result of all true learning.” ― Leo Buscaglia
“Learning never exhausts the mind.” – Leonardo da Vinci
 “A wise man can learn more from a foolish question than a fool can learn from a wise answer.” – Bruce Lee
 “He who learns but does not think, is lost! He who thinks but does not learn is in great danger.” – Confucius
“The more I live, the more I learn. The more I learn, the more I realizes, the less I know.” – Michel Legrand
“Anyone who stops learning is old, whether at twenty or eighty. Anyone who keeps learning stays young.” – Henry Ford
“Try to learn something about everything and everything about something.” – Thomas H. Huxley
“Education is not the filling of a pail, but the lighting of a fire.” – W.B. Yeats
“Those people who develop the ability to continuously acquire new and better forms of knowledge that they can apply to their work and to their lives will be the movers and shakers in our society for the indefinite future.” – Brain Tracy
 “Learning is not attained by chance. It must be sought for with ardor and attended with diligence.” – Abigail Adams
 “In a time of drastic change it is the learners who inherit the future. The learned usually find themselves equipped to live in a world that no longer exists.” – Eric Hoffer
 “Learn as though you would never be able to master it; hold it as though you would be in fear of losing it.” – Confucius
